You're going far beyond my thinking.
I ask you if the Army had received any such derogatory information who
respected graphs or any dishonesty, what would the Army do with respect to that
member of the Loyalty Board?
Can you give me a short answer to that?
I think sure they would take him.
They would relieve him from the Loyalty Board.
If the charges were serious, they would suspend him and at the same time and immediate
investigation of the charges would be undertaken by proper authorities.
Thank you.
Now, let's add, is the Army attempted to sway the members of this committee not to
depend in the membership of the Loyalty Review Board in question?
Read the question again, please, sir.
Did the Army attempted to sway the members of this committee not to depend in the membership
of the Loyalty Review Board in question?
The Chairman and I, on family time, is up now having to answer this question and then
I'll have just...
That's all for a general answer, apparently.
That what you want, Senator?
I would like to short an answer always in the possible midst of the Council and give the
answer.
I think, sir, that the...
My previous testimony has been that I did call from certain members of this committee
and that I did ask that these individuals not be treated.
Chairman, I have a lot of questions.
I'll wait for my turn.
Mr. Wooddeck, please go out.
No way.
Turn the committee into the call.
Mr. Chairman, we have...
This morning, he was on a spike in the last one years, he was a development.
I don't know whether any further questions Mr. Adams will be of any benefit.
We find now that the Adams of the conference with the ambassador for the administration,
which gets pretty general, the deputy attorney general, the labor of the ones supporting
the Adams in the case of the incident, which gets with the trial and the outcome.
We find now that the trial and the case with the trial were a complete thought upon the committee.
But the army's case is in this, and that was just with the trial.
I frankly thought all along with the madam, Mr. Hems over to the people who had been together this.
Now there's no way of knowing who this.
There's no way of checking more.
We have the attorney general who is responsible for that conference.
Moving upon, what documents can be admitted never?
And what's unusual, ruling this morning, as he says that a document is not authentic but verbatim.
I don't quite follow that.
We ask you what the portion to list to be made available.
Obviously, portions have nothing to do with security, but would be extremely embarrassing to those charge of security.
I would like Mr. Chairman to have the entire retirement of recess to find what we should confirm with Mr. Carr and Mr. Cohn.
The people who should do under this unusual situation, which we can only hear the evidence about that conference,
which might be damaging to Mr. Cohn with the car myself.
And suddenly, halfway through the testimony, we have to complete the story.
I would like Mr. Chairman to have about a 5 minute recess to the chairman, but that's where I should take and view of this unprecedented, completely unusual,
almost unbelievable situation we're confronted with this morning.
I may have a firm in the recess to consult with Mr. Cohn with Mr. Carr.
I think the testimony is very requested, as this was unexpected and unanticipated development, and we'll declare a 5 minute recess and return.
You have just heard the chairman declare a brief recess. The ABC television network is bringing you the complete hearings into the McCarthy Army controversy.
The president has regularly $59.75, now $39.75. Save $20 with the quiz.
He's Senator Carl Mont, who granted this brief recess.
So that Senator McCarthy might be able to infer with his cold principles in this case.
Senator Mont, chatting with Senator Porter, is really blocked.
The governor's was right in the register, pointing from the Senate office room here.
In recess, there will be a recess for approximately 5 minutes to give Senator Joseph McCarthy and Mr. Cohn Carr and Mr. Roy Cohn an opportunity to confer on the developments that have occurred here this year this month.
What has actually happened is that the first document was introduced from Attorney General Brown now.
It was an answer to a letter by Senator Carl Mont, who was the temporary chairman of the committee.
Senator Mont had written the Attorney General to ask him about whether or not this material contained in a reported letter from J.A.J.
who might be introduced in the record. This was up to request the Senate to McCarthy.
The Attorney General ruled today that no part of the document produced by Senator McCarthy reviewing a secret FBI paper on possible subversion should be made public.
And after that, I was read into the record the letter from President Eisenhower, which was sent to Secretary of Defense Wilson and in charge of been transmitted to Army Secretary Stevens and also to Mr. Adams.
And the Eisenhower letter formally barred the door against disclosure of what went on in the meeting of some of his top level advisors as January 21st in connection with the Army's role with Senator McCartney.
And now there's Gunner Back with Senator Jackson of Washington. Let's switch now to Gunner.
This is Gunner Back again from the Senate caucus room. And just as we had the camera turned on, I was chatting with Senator Jackson once again to find out whether or not I had made a rough analysis of the dilemma which now seems to have been from Senator McCartney.
I'm wondering Senator Jackson whether this is your thinking on that. It seems to me that the question now is whether or not the responsibility for issuing that series of charges can be rightly attributed or put on Secretary Stevens and Mr. Adams or whether the question is whether the responsibility goes higher now.
That's exactly right Gunner. There's no way of knowing at this stage of the proceedings whether the statement of charges came as the resolve of the meeting of January 21st, the meeting in Comterbury.
The meeting that the President has said that we cannot get any information.
I think that we have a very serious situation because part of the testimony regarding this meeting in conference is in the records.
We have no way of knowing now whether the statement of charges initially made were made at the instance of the meeting held in the Attorney General Brown-Elz offers or whether the statement of charges were initiated in Pollywood by Mr. Adams.
That's exactly right. That means that Senator Jackson, the McCartney's side in this controversy is maintained that this report was put out in retaliation because the loyalty board members were going to be to see it as far as the motivation.
Now does it mean that the Attorney McCartney might have to take the view that the President and Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams were just acting unordered and therefore were not well for witnesses in their own?
Well, I don't know what view he may take. Of course, of course, the inference can be drawn because there's no direct testimony on this question.
Well, would you say the Senator McCullen's questioning this morning indicated fairly clearly that there was a decision about that meeting?
I think on the basis of speculation, Gunner, that and based on what's the bigger information we have in the records, there's every indication that there is a decision at a higher level beyond that of Secretary Stevens in connection with the presentation of these original charges.
Well, at least that's a reasonable inference to be drawn in due to the fact that other information cannot be obtained.
Well, I don't want to put you on a limb that might be set off, but I'm just wondering whether this is considerably, this may be in the remote instance, the Labor Attorney McCartney asking which charges we were thrown.
Well, anything could happen as resolved as this, and I'm not going to do as you as I was suggested because it's difficult to even venture a guess to what might happen at this juncture of the proceeding.
I think the administration made a serious mistake in letting this thing ride for so long before imposing an objection if the administration had given orders at the outset of the hearing.
We would not have this thought. Now, however, we have part of the testimony and can't get the rest of it.
Well, the unique situation is like the greatest. This is another one of the many unexpected turns which we've encountered.
That's right. Anything we...
Never a dull moment. Thank you very much. That of course was Senator Jackson, Democrat from Washington.
This is Gunner Back reporting again from the Senate's caucus room, and that's the way it looked to me at this time.
The ABC television network is bringing you the complete hearing into the McCartney Army controversy.
The panel is calling the question to what?
May the police come to order?
We will resume the business of the hearings, and at the time of the recess,
Senator McCartney has the floor under the...
And then it will recognize that Senator McCartney or Mr. Colton?
Mr. Terminer 8,
Not that much, but...
...time for the law to do with this moment.
One of the subjects of the inquiry is to find that...
...could was responsible for...
...exciting and following off the hearing of some of the central questions in the government.
The hearing has been called off. No one can trust him.
I fear that maybe in my mind I was doing injustice to possibly the matter of Mr. Humsfeld.
I strongly felt all along that they were the men responsible for it.
At this point I find that there's no way we're getting up the truth.
Because we do find that the charges were conceived, instigated,
out of meetings because testified to Mr. Adams.
Now for some fantastically strange reasons,
the iron curtain has pulled out so we can't tell what happened at the meeting.
I don't think the president is responsible for this.
I don't think his judgment is that bad, Mr. Chairman.
There's no reason for anyone to be afraid of the fact that truth,
the one on that meeting is a very important meeting.
It doesn't have to do with security matters,
it doesn't have to do with national security.
It really has to do with...
...file these charges were filed,
we find now that admittedly the charges against Mr. Carr were complete,
crawled upon the committee.
The case of Mr. Adams and his team was in.
They admit they have no evidence against Mr. Carr.
Last week I couldn't understand why Mr. Welts and Mr. Adams would not agree to withdraw their charges against Mr. Carr.
I find now that maybe they were not free agents, I don't know.
At that meeting there was one individual who was not...
...remember the White House, by out.
He was confirmed by the thought to a position with the UN.
I'm back with her to the UN.
If he were there as the secretary of the president,
if he will testify under rule for giving us a statement that he was there representing the president,
I frankly would have the same system of unlawing him,
but I don't believe that that can be established, but it's not his function.
The question is how far, how far can...
I'm not talking about the present occupants and the White House.
We've got a tremendously important question here, Mr. Chairman.
That is not far from the president's goal.
Who will all say any order not to testify?
If you can order the ambassador to the UN,
not to testify about something having nothing to do with the UN,
but a deliberate smear against my staff than any president.
We don't rule the president in 1966, 1960, 1960.
Or any president.
I won't repeat that.
And any president can...
by an executive order keep the fact that the American people,
as I say, I think that I don't believe that this is the result of President Eisenhower's own personal thinking.
I'm sure if he knew what this was all about,
that he would not sign an order saying that you can't tell the summit committee,
but went on when they cut off those charges against Mr. Cohen, Mr. Karn myself.
Mr. Chairman, there's also another very important aspect of this.
We find that the deputy attorney general,
whom I know wrote the letter the other day, I don't know what the one today,
was one of the individuals advised Mr. Adams to write out these charges.
Well, that the attorney general is deputy must every day pass upon questions.
The questions of evidence, they must open up the decide who is lying.
And the testimony will be completely contradictory here, no question about that, so somebody will be lying.
I think it's on a curve that you have an attorney general,
calling on a smear such as, if they did, that they did not,
they should have been telling you that, the evidence they did,
and then have them passing upon all of the important questions.
Mr. Chairman, we ask that you're totally completely impossible for me to question the witnesses now until the committee meets and determines what the ruling will be.
So, as for example, individuals not connected with the White House like Mr. Lodge,
and others are exempt from coming down here and telling us the truth,
merely because the President says they should not sound.
If the President can order Mr. Lodge, for example,
so as nothing to do with the White House far as we know,
and see how he's lived, then the President can order any witness we have.
Now, we've heard the case of Mr. Stevens-Mr. Adam.
We find that, if you pardon me for some slight repetition here, Mr. Chairman,
we find that they have in no case that all against Mr. Cairn, except that he gave Mr. Adam a friendly advice.
We find that Mr. Adam said Saturday, after all of he said something to me,
and I said, what did Mr. Cohn do to the wrong?
The only thing that he did except Todd,
according to Adam, was to fail to persuade me to call off the subpoenas of the loyalty board.
Now we're getting out of the meet of the case, Mr. Cairn.
And that is who, who was responsible for the issuance of this clear
that has held this Committee up for weeks and weeks and weeks,
and has allowed Cunters to continue in our defense plan for Mr. Chairman,
handling top secret materials, as I said before, with a razor poised over the jugular vein of this nation.
Who was responsible for keeping all these army officers down here, and all the Cunters tied up,
while the world is up going up in flames?
And I do think, Mr. Chairman, that we should go into executive session,
I must have a ruling as to what will be behind an iron curtain,
and what fact we can bring out before I can intelligence like questions of which we should,
and I do think that someone, for his own benefit, should contact the President immediately
and point out to him perhaps, that he and I and many of us,
campaign and promise the American people that if they were to remove our Democrat friends
from the control of this government, that then we would no longer involve engage in government
by secrecy, quite force and cover up.
And I think that these facts should be brought to the President,
because the American people will not stand for this, Mr. Chairman.
They will not stand for a cover up, cast away through a hearing.
I have asked, Mr. Chairman, I have asked that we dispose of this
with all these links of hearing.
That was turned down, turned down, but the representatives of the executive,
once it was turned down, I say, let's go through,
let's fly all the facts upon the table.
And we can't fly the facts upon the tables if we're going to...
...draw an iron curtain.
When we're halfway through the hearing, Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask for an executive session,
a meeting in the committee, so I will know.
I will know just...
...what extent the committee is going to honor this order, or any other order, like?
Chairman, I move that we recess until tomorrow morning at Kenneth Fox,
and in the meantime, we have the executive session to take up the controversy that's known to few.
Yes, sir, I'd like to hear it all.
Ah, and this is the conference hall.
I think in view of the fact that I have some questions,
trying to place the responsibility,
but I should make my position clear at this time,
before this motion is passed on.
For the present, at least, I'm not disagreeing with these.
The executive is directed with respect to conversations that may have taken place at this meeting,
because it may be within his rights to say that you cannot inquire him to.
How a decision was arrived at in the executive branch of the government act,
of the president's level,
but I do not agree,
or I hold a disagree,
and I challenge this upon making this record clear,
with respect to what was the result of the decision made at that time,
whether responsibility shifted from the Secretary of the Army
to higher authority.
That we are entitled to know,
because unless we can get that information,
we will not have the evidence here,
upon which to make a decision.
That will place the responsibility.
The Secretary is acting under orders from higher authority.
The Secretary cannot be sentient for carrying out those orders,
without regard to how the decision was arrived at.
If the decision was made at that time,
this committee is entitled to know it,
and entitled to know where the responsibility lies for what occurred,
their efforts in carrying out that decision.
I shall ask if the executive hearing,
the New Testament, the chairman of this committee,
the chairman whether we are going in this,
or answers the wrong questions,
ask the result of the conference,
and not how the decision was arrived at.
Your second is a motion made by the governor from Michigan,
Senator, I will oppose that motion.
Because my opinion is the duty of this committee
to get the truth, if they can't get all the truth,
then it is still the duty of the committee to get as much
as the truth as possible.
And I do not believe that the hearing should be recessed
or postponed.
I believe that the hearing could proceed at the same time
that these problems are discussed and adjudicated as well.
Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I,
therefore, Mr. Chairman, I move the 10 minutes or 12
as a substitute motion that we adjourn and reconvene
at four o'clock.
For recess and reconvene at four o'clock.
The intention of the chairman temporarily to夥 it
is suggesting that we simply recess now,
as I'm in ten and not having any recognition
and needed to or should.
I didn't say that, Mr. Chairman.
I said that instead of recessing until tomorrow,
that now we recess and reconvene at four o'clock.
The afternoon has an enormous procedure
so that we proceed with these hearings.
The correction of my distinguished colleague,
Mr. Chairman, is that a remarkable source of justice
that we make it to 30 in order that we have full time
for an executive hearing.
I would modify my substitute motion that I extend, Mr. Chairman.
I have seconded the substitute motion.
The sentiments for justice and the assumptions.
The assembly is a charity point for the reckoning
to the motion, certainly the motion is made by a standard time
and has been seconded by the chairman of the council.
I remember you from the...
I wonder if you could make it in the two-thirty
if you wouldn't make yourself the motion clear-fought
because it will take a sometime to try to solve these problems.
I think we should give ourselves push and find.
Mr. Chairman, it's absolutely good.
Every consideration possible for the union setup was counted.
I will now further revise my substitute motion
and recommend that we, the Minions,
that we reach that until 25% in the midst of this year's government
and the private sector and the private sector
are accepted in the model.
Mr. Chairman, I think this is a major question
to be with that to the staff.
No, I feel that it would be full hearty for us
to walk into this and act quickly, I think.
I think I know it's one number of the committee
that's a serious question.
And rather than to set a fire on this,
they will meet at two thirty or two at Keirth Park.
There's no need of a coming back here.
The Minions until this question has been resolved.
So I would like to suggest that I don't care whether
the trade brought about a morning.
But I think the main question is to resolve the economy.
So I would like to suggest that we recess now
and we register session and some back-to-the-college
to chair after the session is made by the committee.
Mr. Chairman, when you say I can speak to that,
I do not agree with Mr. Potter.
I believe that these hearings should go on
and should go on regardless of whether this matter is
a due to get into the satisfaction of the committee
or anybody else.
So I would like to ask for an emotion
which has been moved and seconded,
I believe, is now before the committee.
Very relevant in question.
The Chair and the Senate are motionally repeated.
That's the candidate for an emotion that does not further
discussion.
It is that we recess now and reconvene at three o'clock
and that the Chair and all of these seconded sessions
are raised in the interim for the purposes of discussing
the situation as a reason with regard to the executive order
on the testimony of this adaption.
Any further discussion?
I read it for the vote.
Madam Chair, it's made before the vote.
That if it's resailed, he will call the executive session
in room 357.
To work to the two-part.
120 to the orange.
130 to one-two.
One-two.
How about one-one-one-one-one-one-one?
It's been a year, it's an hour, 20 minutes.
I've got to make it.
Give us one.
That's a one-two-three-five.
One-two-three.
We've got our 130 to one-two-three.
The Chair will follow the seconded session in room 357.
130 gets the motion prepared.
So in favor of the motion made by Senator Simonton,
the seconded by Senator McAllen will signify by
do I roll call?
What are your calls?
I don't know.
You can't maybe cancel by.
Very well.
I roll call vote, Senator McAllen.
All right.
Senator Jackson.
Senator Parks.
No.
Senator Simon.
All right.
Senator works.
The Chair goes by the motion prevails in room 130.
We can be in a three-fifth off here.